Here are some steps to implement WebSocket Config.
First, our config clause need to implement
web socket message broker configure clause to override to default method.
We need to overwrite register assume p endpoints method,
which is where the WebSocket is created.
We'll create one socket in this example.
If you want, you can create multiples of WebSockets in this method.
We need to override configuration message broker to set the broker information.
In which, we need to add a prefix,
so that the message will go to correct channel.
A message broker is a computer program that transmit a message for a sender to receiver.
Last, we need to add annotations to tell Spring Boot application,
this is configuration clause,
and this is a WebSocket Message Broker.